c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Extensions.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\Microsoft.Office.Client.Policy.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\Microsoft.Office.Client.TranslationServices.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\Microsoft.Office.SharePoint.Tools.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\Microsoft.Online.SharePoint.Client.Tenant.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.DocumentManagement.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Publishing.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Search.Applications.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Search.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Taxonomy.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.UserProfiles.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.WorkflowServices.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\obj\Debug\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\obj\Debug\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiver\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb\obj\Debug\RemoteWebProvisionedEventReceiverWeb.pdb
